Highlight kubeconfig was auto-generated (#1945)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/azure/getting-started.adoc

== Use kubectl to Connect to Kubernetes Cluster

> To connect to the Kubernetes cluster that was created by the Azure Cloud Kit, you need to use the `kubectl` command with the `kubeconfig` file. This `kubeconfig` file was auto-generated when running terraform apply. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to the Kubernetes cluster that was created by the Azure Cloud Kit, you need to use the `kubectl` command with the `kubeconfig` file. This `kubeconfig` file was auto-generated by the `terraform apply` command you ran earlier. 
```
